Ugh, I wish it would stop raining,
so I could go outside.
Ahh, I wish you could go outside too.
But we need the rain,
so plants can grow
and we can have things to eat.
It’s a good thing!
Even Jehovah waits for things,
so he knows how we feel.
There have been lots of things wrong
with the world for thousands of years.
Jehovah wants to fix them all.
But he’s waiting
for just the right time to do it.
Jehovah must be so  bored!
Not even a little bit!
Because he stays busy doing good things,
like teaching us
and taking care of the preaching work.
You can stay busy doing good things too!
Perhaps you can ask Jehovah
to help you be patient.
And now, instead of just sitting there
being bored,
you can help me  do all these dishes!
Wow,
you are fast!
Thank you, Caleb!
Look! It stopped raining!
The rain always stops eventually.
You just have to be patient.
And since you helped me with the dishes
—so nice of you—
now I can take you to the park.
Yes!
I’m a frog!
Ribbit.
Frogs live in the mud.
Cannonball!
No, no, no! Wait!
Aw.